http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2090447914000550

 Naïve Bayes Classifier (NB)

The Naïve Bayes classifier is the simplest and most commonly used classifier. Naïve Bayes classification model computes the posterior probability of a class, based on the distribution of the words in the document. The model works with the BOWs feature extraction which ignores the position of the word in the document. It uses Bayes Theorem to predict the probability that a given feature set belongs to a particular label.

Maximum Entropy Classifier (ME)

The Maxent Classifier (known as a conditional exponential classifier) converts labeled feature sets to vectors using encoding.

4.1.1.2.1. Support Vector Machines Classifiers (SVM)

The main principle of SVMs is to determine linear separators in the search space which can best separate the different classes. 

p. 52 - fancy algorithm 
sentiment word/phrase
give weights. lower weights to sentiment words far away from aspect

***sum up sentiment by sentence segment

tf-idf plus find common nouns?

5.6 grouping aspects into categories -> wordNet: similarity synonyms; word disdtances


small reviews (in length) -> worsd bettter correlated with stars
long reviews -> more throrough --> discuss different aspects rather than in genearl


--undirect
negative
food:
If you were considering the veggie fried rice, just swing by your local supermarket and buy an onion instead.
service:
Also, don't expect them to put sweet & sour sauce in your take-out bag if you order egg rolls. They won't.

misleading
If you go with a large group of friends and you each order a different dish, you'll get to taste a lot more of the Sichuan-ness, and you'll probably end up paying less than for a lunch special.  :-D


Price: negative w/o saying 'expensive' directly
My biggest complaint is that for $7.99, I expected a larger portion with a little more meat.  

negative & positive
"

Sliced Fish in Oil (spicy)-Well executed dish.  Very flavorful and consistent with others we have tried...
Mushroom and Pork Stew-"Wheres the pork???" I have saved the worst for last! What a big disappointment this dish was. 
"

negative but not really on an attribute: very specific attribute--did it make you sick
Two (2) of us got sick with food poisoning from the at least the water boiled beef. We were on vacation to las vegas and the national parks, and we were thoroughly messed up for the ne


future
take into consideration restaurant name
NER


NO REPEATS
Jugoo Chinese Restaurant
Rose Garden Chinese Restaurant
Yummy Palace
Panda Express
Shanghai Lilly
.

price
_is a steal

Ignored buffet
less about service

misspelling
 its over priced. 

mix up algorith
 The problems with service that once plagued the restaurant are gone.  Service is very efficient and friendly,